geek questions:
Can I edit related items from a Page, or do they need to be a page

Is the hydroshare user a page...

quick way to create a page from a model (some scaffold command, like manage.py schemamigration )
=========
From email from DT (feb 2014)
Some comments/questions on your document.
1.  What specific semantics are you suggesting for the terms "party", "person", "user"

2.  How are you handling people that are and are not HS users.

3.  I do not thing a HydroShare group should e an organization.
    This gets a bit vague.  What about Google Groups, Google + Communities etc.
    My thinking about organization is that it is just the affiliation a person
    would put when saying the place they work, say at a conference or when publishing a paper.

4.  I am not persuaded yet that we need the complexity of an organization type,
   but am open to being persuaded if there are good reasons or examples.

5.  The use tracking specification avoided keeping track of training in the system.
   My thinking was that the training organizer would report attendees.  It may be possible to
   have this automated in HydroShare, but lets try not get too complicated at the beginning.
6.  Regarding authorship - we need to think carefully what information HydroShare stores
   by reference, e.g. to a personid in a resource authorship field, or by copying the
   content into the resource metadata.  My inclination is that information should be copied
 into the resource metadata so that resources are complete if transferred out of HydroShare,
  but that resource creation tools should allow a user to populate this content automatically
   at a time the resource is being created or edited.  This will have the consequence that the
    affiliation of a person who is an author may be the affiliation at the time the resource
     is created, and not be updated if the person changes affiliation.
      I think that this is the right thing to do.
7.  Lets discuss the use case for user can have citations.  Is this a Hydro value added
    functionality we want Hydroshare to support, or it this well handled by systems like
    Research Gate, ORCID, and several others.  If we decide to handle it could we handle
    this by a User Citation list being yet another type of resource that a user might
    choose to create and manage in HydroShare.  This opens questions as to whether the
    citations are resources in HydroShare, or resources that are referenced by hydroshare,
    which means we have to have references to papers, documents etc be resources in Hydroshare.
    Going down this path would seem to end with us being a complete bibliographic management system.
    I do not think this is a space we want to get in to.  Many other systems do this already.
